2017
Avasarala Ravi - full focused and determined in whatever he chooses, no social , GenZ lo 90s kid.
Avasarala Ravi is having a crush on his classmate Pavitra, this is sweet 16 and he is a sweet teen, all he knows is to be innocent
2 3 scenes nibbish behaviour
going to her tution eventhough he is topper, only to see her and follow her till home
He was all way going from front bench to middle bench for her
AR helps her to crack inter exam by showing her answers , his guidance extends all the way from prep to aiding her copy the exam.
Ends up in back bench at the end.
Avsarala ravi ends up avasaraniki ravi
AR's friend "nuv help cheste , song be like .....Eto vellipoindi manasu playing in the room and his friend gales him"
Pavitra uses AR -  and still ends up with buying seat in CBIT


2019
Rohan R a proper gen z kid, playboy , smart looking , his eyes are always looking for colors.
AR and P join btech, AR is in pvt univ, P is doing bumchiks in CBIT  , AR goes to a college fest in disguise just to see girls on insist by his friend ,
where in he gets to see P chill with some other folks and Rohan gang , he gets mentally low and then physically high.
He then becomes the bad boy that every chik desires.
Transformation in 5mins
He realizes its tough to change 

2020
Lockdown 
Gap divides and unites the unknowns,
things are left to toss
couples are let loose to choose
more choices are put in for the plate
aakali ekkuva , karuvu ekkuva , weak moment erupts
one moment right time Rohan proposes P and she just leaves him aside as an option
Asks him "Lets just be friends, travel and know more about each other, I think its too early to commit"
Rohan still unclear and not in a mood to commit to anyone , 
tries for some more hookups from other women taking P for granted.
As he travels he confines to be centred around her


2021
R and P are still roaming, they are in some transient phase , 
with unclear intentions and just holding hands while her eyes are seeking more new faces.

AR  enters and then meets R in a cricket ground near home, not knowing they have a mutual connection.
R unaware of AR and P being classmates, P unaware that R and AR met.




2023
Voicemail to both AR and R



